Dialogue3_MisterDragon

Dialogue4_JohnsTale
0 John) Ya here to see the dragon, or the tower?
1 Louis) I... heard that people used to believe this dragon could talk to the dead, so I came to see why.
2 John) Why, eh? Well that's a tough question.
3 Louis) Do you know anything about it?
4 John) Know a bit.
5 John) When I was a young one, it was a sort of common knowledge that Mister Dragon could reach the dead, and send them our messages. 
6 John) You see, this statue moved when it saw grief - or at least my mom and dad said so.
7 John) So people hiked all the way up here to look over the graveyard and send their words to the people down there.
8 John) But as time passed and magic was researched people stopped believing in stupid myths. 
9 John) Nobody comes here anymore unless they want exercise, or they're old like me and miss all the laughing and crying.
10 John) Oh, and I remember the dragon being a lot bigger- as big as that tower - but then I was small...
11 Louis) (If the dragon was as big as the tower, it should have been a lot thicker...)
12 Louis) Then how was that tower built?
13 John) Oh, that tower's not that old. It was built like 10 years ago - by a couple older than me.
14 John) Weird folks; well-educated but believing in the dragon. Maybe they liked the idea of people believing in it?
15 John) Well anyway, there was a couple from the outside that tried to make the dragon as big as I thought it used to be.
16 John) They failed - I dunno why, when they looked like a pair of strong magicians. Maybe the dragon didn't like them?
17 John) So they built the tower instead, and magicked it to send a breeze whenever people cried in the graveyard.
18 John) Tom - the graveyard keeper - liked it. He said winds whisper comfort. But then all he ever said was poetry.
19 Louis) Did the tower's spell bring people back here?
20 John) Somewhat. But it brung back the people who'd forgotten about the dragon, not the ones who'd never even heard of Mister Dragon. So it wasn't much.
21 John) Besides, the spell's gone. It died out with the couple.
22 John) Tom tried to re-cast it, but he's never studied magic harder than cleaning the kitchen, and now he's too sick to walk up here by himself.
23 John) And that's it. 
24 John) If Mister Dragon really is getting smaller, will he disappear when Tom and I and our friends are all dead?

--> next action: John walks away
--> next action: Dialogue5
(& after quest11 is complete, change John's motion from john@Sad Idle -> john@Idle)

Dialogue5_CastSpell
0 Louis) (Making winds in response to crying - or sadness... it's advanced magic, but it's also something Grandma taught me.)
1 Louis) (I think I can cast this spell...)
2 Louis) .........
3 Louis) Done!

--> next action: tower lights up momentarily
--> next action: Orb appears

Dialogue6 is triggered when Louis interacts with the Orb, which turns into a piece of paper

Dialogue6_LetterFromGrandpa
0 Louis) Inside the orb was an old paper with a memo attached to it.
The memo turned out to be a letter from Grandpa.
1 Louis) The memo read:
2 Grandpa) This old paper is a bucket list that I wrote when I was twenty-one, and stuck inside a book 
3 Grandpa) I wanted to read. Finding and re-reading it last week while picking books to give away made me feel despondent.
4 Grandpa) It was a list of things I wanted to do after retirement - the portrait of a young man dreaming of old age, of the end of life!
5 Grandpa) I decided to put this in my time capsule because I do not want my dear Louis to follow this path. 
6 Grandpa) Putting off the things that I really wanted to do made my time more or less a burden.
7 Grandpa) Besides, you should know I haven't accomplished half of the things written here. 
8 Grandpa) (For starters, I was about to give that book away without reading it!)
9 Grandpa) If you're reading this letter then you must be wondering what to do with your life, at least a bit.
10 Grandpa) This is an old know-it-all's wish; please dream of middle-age before retirement, and of youth before middle-age. 
11 Grandpa) Look at the trail at least for a moment before letting your eyes reach the peak.
12 Grandpa) I did not know how to value time as much as your Grandma did, and I lost the chance to make more memories. This is proof of my regret.
13 Grandpa) Well, then on to the next time capsule, my lady!
Love, Grandpa
14 Louis) I couldn't help but give the letter a teary smile, mixed with a drop of resentment.
15 Louis) Like always, he had left me with questions, not answers.
16 Louis) I sighed, and returned to the house for the day.

--> Go to the credits!


+ Item 추가할 때 반드시 Prefab의 itemdatabase에 추가하고, item index를 database에서의 순서랑 똑같이 지정해둬야지 아이템이 정상적으로 다음 씬에서 로드됩니다 주의해주세요